# System-Analysis-And-Design-CS255
Projects from SNHU Course 255 System Analysis and Design

For this assignment, our client was a company named DriverPass who is trying to create a system that will assist customers looking to pass their driving tests by preparing them for the knowledge and test portion and the physical driving tests. They needed a system that could be access from anywhere and at any time. For this assignment, it was best suited as a website that the users and the employees could intereact with to receive all of their resources and assignments. Reviewing the requirements in the interview was one of my stronger points and being able to identify and build them into a list for the clients to confirm or reject any of the main points. If I could choose one thing to improve, it would be the UML diagrams. I think they are decent but I'm excited to be able to create them faster and without thinking as much as I had to during these assignemnts. 

When creating the system, each of those requirements that were identified and verified by the clients need to be implemented into the design. If not, then we have not fulfilled our duties to the client. These requirements should be the starting points of the design and then work outward from the requirments in connecting all of the objects that are also required to fulfill those requirements. Visulizations of the system are a great way to draft and create systems that you can show to co-workers and clients to see if they envisions the system the same way. It also helps to ensure that the requirements were understood by the software company when receiving the requirements. 
